create CHANGELOG.md (#702)
Akuli/porcupine: CHANGELOG.md

Unlike the Git commit history, this changelog does not include code cleanups
and other details that don't affect using Porcupine.

## UNRELEASED

- The minimap plugin is no longer ridiculously wide.
    You can also resize it by dragging with the mouse.
- Changing the filetype now deletes yellow and red underlines from the file being edited.
    If you somehow open a C file as if it was a Python file,

>     it is probably full of complaints about invalid Python syntax.

Author: ```suggestion
    it is probably full of complaints about invalid Python syntax,
```

    and you want them to go away gone when you choose C from the Filetypes menu.
- Better error handling for opening and saving files:

>     - If you open a file written with the Latin-1 encoding without telling Porcupine that it is Latin-1,

Author: ```suggestion
    - If you open a file written with the wrong encoding,
        let's say a file using Latin-1 but Porcupine thinks it's UTF-8 (default),
```

        Porcupine will now ask you which encoding the file uses,

>         and mentions using [.editorconfig files](https://editorconfig.org/) to configure the encoding.

Author: ```suggestion
        and mentions using [.editorconfig files](https://editorconfig.org/) to change it permanently.
```

    - Porcupine now shows an error message if a file is deleted while it is open in Porcupine.
        Previously it would prevent you from opening more files, with no visible error messages,
        until the tab with the non-existing file was closed.
        This was a bug, not a feature.
    - Many other improvements that you are unlikely to come across when using Porcupine normally.
- The long line marker can no longer move to the wrong place in unpredictable ways.
- Several smaller bug fixes.

## 0.95.0

Windows improvements:
- You can now right-click a Python file and choose to open it in Porcupine.
    This works not only for Python files, but for all file types that are defined in
    [default_filetypes.toml](https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine/blob/v0.95.0/porcupine/default_filetypes.toml).
    You can open other files in Porcupine by right-clicking them too,

>     but it is a few more clicks to do so.

Author: ```suggestion
    but it takes a few more clicks.
```

- Porcupine now shows up as `Porcupine.exe` in the task manager.
    It previously showed up as `pythonw.exe`.

>     Let me know if your antivirus program warns you about `Porcupine.exe`

Author: ```suggestion
    Let me know if your antivirus program dislikes `Porcupine.exe`
```

    (it is not malware, but sometimes Windows Defender likes to
    complain about executables it hasn't seen before).
- Porcupine installer now displays an error message if Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable is not installed.
    Porcupine has never worked without it, but previously it would install silently.

>     If you see the error message, search the error message with Google to fix the problem.

Author: ```suggestion
    If you see the error message, search it with Google.
```

Unlike the Git commit history, this changelog does not include code cleanups
and other details that don't affect using Porcupine.

## UNRELEASED

- The minimap plugin is no longer ridiculously wide.
    You can also resize it by dragging with the mouse.
- Changing the filetype now deletes yellow and red underlines from the file being edited.
    If you somehow open a C file as if it was a Python file,
    it is probably full of complaints about invalid Python syntax,

>     and you want them to go away gone when you choose C from the Filetypes menu.

Author: ```suggestion
    and you want them to go away when you choose C from the Filetypes menu.
```

- Better error handling for opening and saving files:
    - If you open a file written with the wrong encoding,
        let's say a file using Latin-1 but Porcupine thinks it's UTF-8 (default),
        Porcupine will now ask you which encoding the file uses,

>         and mentions using [.editorconfig files](https://editorconfig.org/) to change it permanently.

Author: ```suggestion
        and mentions using [.editorconfig files](https://editorconfig.org/) to change it permanently.
        There is also error handling for encoding errors when saving files.
```
